As our next step, we need to create connections between the different devices we added in the previous section. These connections will be handled with the so-called group addresses – the virtual addresses that allow all devices on the bus to communicate with each other. For creating group addresses, ETS6 provides a particular panel: the ‘Group Addresses’ panel. Initially, the Group Addresses panel is empty, so we need to create Group Addresses step by step. Luckily, creating Group Addresses works just like adding elements to the building structure. Since there is no mandatory structure for group addresses, we will use central functions and the floors of the house as the main groups. As middle groups, we differentiate between ‘lighting control’, ‘dimming control’ and ‘sunblind-control’. 


Assuming we need lighting and dimming functions on the second floor as well, we can simply copy and paste those middle groups on the second floor main group. The last element in our structure will be the actual group addresses, which reflect the specific functions. So let‘s add some of the lights we need for the first floor. Again, this works along the lines of creating the main and middle groups. After that, we‘re all set to connect the devices for our lighting control in the living room. All we need to do is drag the group objects of the push button as well as those of the switch actuator on to the group address of the lighting control in the living room. Let‘s start with the push buttons. What we would like to achieve is that the upper left button turn light „1“ on and off, while the lower left button will take care of light „2“. So, we just need to drag the group object of the upper left button on the group address of light „1“ – and the group object of the lower left button on the Group Address of light „2“. 



Last but not least, the switch actuator needs to be linked to the two lights as well. So let‘s say, output „A“ switches light „1“, all we need to do is to drag its group object on light „1“. Light „2“ will be switched by output „B“ of the actuator, so we will link these two elements as well. If we have a closer look at the group address of our two lights in the living room now, we can see the connected devices there. The devices also indicate the links to the respective group addresses of the connected lights. 
